Copa money area is an Ivy League herb
has been used for thousands of years of
risible we're in Ayurvedic medicine and
if we look at you can find plenty of
published data on this on reputable
sites such as PubMed Google Scholar and
what they show although they acknowledge
this a nootropic and things like that
and that's primarily why we set up a new
tropics store some of the side benefits
of bacopa
are quite fascinating particularly if
you subscribe to the endothelial injury
hypothesis model of atherosclerosis
plaque generation so let me translate
that for you okay artery big plaque yeah
fibrous Ness white blood cells foam foam
cells fat all that kind of stuff inside
this okay and the the proposed model is
that you get a little scratch on the
inside of a normal arterial wall and the
endothelial cells get a slight injury
and it proposed mechanism is a sugar
molecule scratching the surface that
injures the endothelial cells they
respond by the chemists lightly inflamed
and they kind of lift up from the
surface and then LDL low-density
lipoprotein which you've probably heard
of or VLDL very low density lipoprotein
comes along and manages to get in there
it's now wedged in on the artery wall
between the endothelial cells once that
LDL or VLDL oxidizes it sends chemical
messengers along to macrophages which is
like the big street sweeper cells come
along and clean up little crap in your
body they come along because it's
oxidized LDL of the LDL they go in and
they try and consume that so they can
but they become like bloated and they
can't move they become what's called
foam cells so the coppa has been shown
to inhibit the oxidization of LDL or the
LDL so
can almost break that step okay which
then prevents the macrophages coming
along trying to consume the LDL not
being able to move afterwards becoming
foam cells contributing towards the
overall swelling and atherosclerosis
plaque generation so for example fairly
extreme example you see somebody outside
a fast-food restaurant lighting up the
cigarette
so just consume a lot of cholesterol and
now they're oxidizing it by smoking the
town I'm not saying that if they were to
have a bacopa they would be 100 percent
fine but you can see the link between
the two as a say an extreme example
because they eat fast food and having a
cigarette lots of LDL lots of
oxidization for the for the slightly
more health-conscious amongst us I would
suggest that bacopa is going to be quite
efficient inhibiting that oxidization
now you could say that hey I'll take
like the antioxidants well that's good
but taking in exogenous as in outside
antioxidants cause the body's causes the
body's endogenous or native antioxidant
Network to down-regulate
which means become less efficient
because you pilots fulfilling orders are
don't need to worry about it great more
calm down and then when you take it away
you're not as efficient and antioxidant
which is why although antioxidants are
the latest hype and buzz they carry a
fairly severe caveat which nobody seems
to go into when they're trying to pimp
their antioxidant products of course I
used to be a big believer in
antioxidants I still believe in them but
they need to be pulsed now so that you
don't cause down-regulation and then you
can use something like n-acetylcysteine
which is an amino acid which is the
body's rate limiting step in its
production of his own chief antioxidant
for glutathione so you might want to
pulse your antioxidants with
n-acetylcysteine and keep alternating
the two
anyway that's a minor to cite bacopa
very good works as a nootropic works as
an anxiolytic first summer I took my
Coppa I found myself or I kind of
realized two hours later when I was
walking through Tesco's strolling
through Tesco's humming a baseline to
myself nodding to people feeling
generally really relaxed and super
chilled now I'm a strategic military
shopper get in I get what I want and I
get the hell out but I was totally blown
away us this is mean what's going on is
a great fantastic I'm so distressed and
chilled in this high-stress combative
environment for me great fantastic
absolutely convinced but it you know
proof is in the pudding and it's not
like I was even looking for the effect
it wasn't for SIBO it was oh well I just
realize this is what happened to me
great fantastic so it works very well as
an anxiolytic works as a nootropic if
you take it in high dose it can and I
wouldn't take in high dose before bed
necessarily because it can that
nootropic effect you can lilac now
thinking and sparking off ideas which is
a kind of counterproductive to going to
sleep
but generally the Yang's oolitic effects
is so fantastic that they can generally
outweigh that kind of it's not even a
negative that's why I like to take back
over during the day really a number cope
with phosphor needs are Siri ie
something like neuro chill and the
evening
you